Add core knowledge (#2)
cloudogu/dogu-development-docs: docs/core/basics_en.md

the project management software to the database management system. The Dogu offers these and other possibilities as an extension to a pure container image.

This document describes how such a Dogu can be developed.
It is first shown which states a Dogu itself can assume.
Afterwards the Quick-Start-Guide describes the creation of a minimal dogu.

## Prerequisites

Certain prior knowledge should be present for Dogu development.
This includes a familiarity with Docker container virtualization software, Bash, and an understanding of the target software selected for Dogu creation.

Required development software:
- [git](https://git-scm.com)
- [virtualbox](https://www.virtualbox.org)
- [vagrant](https://vagrantup.com)

## Dogu Lifecycle

This section presents different phases that a Dogu can go through during development, releases and operation.
The Dogu orchestration application `cesapp` is responsible for this.
More detailed help can be found in the [cesapp documentation](https://docs.cloudogu.com/de/docs/system-components/cesapp/operations/detail/) or in the command description on the console using `cesapp --help`.

<img src="./img/dogu-states.svg">

## Dogu Quick Start

> This section describes a minimal skeleton of a dogu that produces a web page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes a minimal skeleton of a Dogu that produces a web page.
```

> Here we ignore almost all cross-sectional aspects that can take place in the interaction in the CES, that means without:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we ignore almost all cross-sectional aspects that can take place in the interaction in the CES, which are:
```

- Single sign-on/single log-out
- Dogu dependencies
- Backup/restore
- Dogu release
- Dogu configuration via registry
- etc.

> Such a minimal dogu only answers requests coming in through the central reverse proxy (the nginx dogu).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Such a minimal dogu only answers requests coming in through the central reverse proxy (the nginx Dogu).
```

For this the following components are needed:

1. A running CES.

> 2. A new directory that bundles the dogu components, e.g. `newdogu`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. A new directory that bundles the Dogu components, e.g. `newdogu`.
```

3. Dockerfile: `newdogu/Dockerfile`
    - Creation of the Docker image for the new Dogu.
4. Dogu descriptor: `newdogu/dogu.json`
    - Contains information that is important at installation and also at each start of the Dogu.
5. A web application
    - The specialized application, either as source code or in an executable form.

### 1) Setup CES

- `git clone https://github.com/cloudogu/ecosystem`
- `cd ecosystem`
- `vagrant up`

Afterwards, the setup of the CES must be performed at `http://192.168.56.2:8080`.

> Thereby you have to create a free account at the platform `mycloudogu` and select the Dogu `nginx` in the Dogu step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the process you have to create a free account at the platform `myCloudogu` and select the Dogu `nginx` in the Dogu step.
```

A more detailed description of how to perform the setup can be found in the [Quick-Start-Guide of the CES](https://docs.cloudogu.com/de/quickstart/).

### 2) Create directory

> A directory must be created to keep the dogu files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A directory must be created to keep the Dogu files.
```

Example: `mkdir containers/newdogu`.

Inside the just started VM of `vagrant` the directory can be found at `/vargrant/containers/newdogu`.

### 3) Dockerfile

As mentioned earlier, a Dogu represents a containerized application.
Therefore, a container image must be created, which is then instantiated into a container.

- General guidelines for writing Dockerfiles can be found in the [Docker Builder](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/) section and the [Best Practices](https://docs.docker.com/develop/develop-images/dockerfile_best-practices/) section of Docker.
- Dogu base images:
   - For Java-based applications, the Cloudogu [Java](https://github.com/cloudogu/java) base image can be used.
   - For other applications, the Cloudogu [base](https://github.com/cloudogu/base) image can be used.
   - Dogu base images also always include the `doguctl` application, which makes many common tasks even easier to perform:
      - Access to configuration values
      - Encryption of own configuration values
      - Go-templating
      - Health checks

> - If the Dogu is a web application, the line `ENV SERVICE_TAGS webapp` is necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the Dogu is a web application, the line `ENV SERVICE_TAGS=webapp` is necessary.
```

  This will cause the new dogu to appear in the warp menu.

> - Copy your resources into the dogu if necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Copy your resources into the Dogu if necessary.
```
